# **2022-11-29 Meeting - CANCELLED**
2022-11-15 Meeting \
**Attendance (please add yourself):



* Bob Callaway (Google, TAC Chair)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, TAC Vice Chair)
* CRob (Intel, TAC)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, TAC)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, TAC)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, TAC)
* Arnaud Le Hors (IBM)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Daniel Appelquist (Snyk)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Brian Behlendorf (OpenSSF)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat)
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft)
* Christopher Phillips (Anchore)
* Rosaria Carr (Indeed)
* Jennifer Bly (OpenSSF)
* Brian Fox (Sonatype, GB)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Munawar Hafiz (OpenRefactory)
* David Edelsohn (IBM, GTI)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Sarah Novotny (Microsoft)
* Justin Cappos (NYU)

Regrets:



* 

Agenda:



* (_10 min max_): Update from **Supply Chain Integrity WG **
    * From Kim Lewandowski:
        * meeting is generally used for updates on the projects: SLSA and FRSCA
        * meetings are now monthly
        * s2c2f project was accepted into the wg
        * we also had presentations on VEX and OSS compromise dataset
        * we have some new faces showing up and asking how we align with the mobilization plan
        * I can dig up more specific updates on SLSA and FRSCA if you need them
* (_10 min max_): Update from **Vuln Disclosures WG** **[[slide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/17ufT7DN944RXOHOwOsLhpJTpOHitxWQuS3--cQgq3Cg/edit#slide=id.p)] **(CRob)
    * Group in-between projects atm; discussing next collaboration
    * OSS-SIRT SIG to come back to TAC for [plan ](https://github.com/ossf/SIRT/tree/main/plan)review early Dec
* TAC Adoption of the Diagrammers Society as a [SIG ](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society)request (CRob)
    * Aeva: The SIG can report directly to the TAC, but should have a charter (scope, deliverables) written down prior to a formal vote to approve it.
    * David: TAC can also vote by email, no need to wait for meeting
    * Aeva: is anything blocked waiting for a vote? CRob: nope.
* Recap of last week’s meeting (BobC)
    * Technical Vision work (suggest using pre-read section on technical vision from last week as updates to PR 129)
    * Four different visions had been identified:
        * "ten million developer uplift" / education+guides
        * "sterling toolchain"
        * "funder of first resort"
        * "rapid response force"
    * Many differed. Majority decided for 2023 that the focus was #1 toolchain, #2 education/guides
    * 
* Classification of existing projects within foundation against statuses (sandbox/incubating/graduated/archived)
* Remaining meetings for 2022
    * One left in December
* Early Preview: “Assurance Assertions” (Scovetta)
    * Early feedback most appreciated
    * Example:
        * **Assertion**: “Activity X took place against project Y with results Z.”
        * **Policy**: “Activity X takes place against a target project and has results Z.” (PASS)
        * `osf generate –assertion reproducible -subject pkg:npm/left-pad@1.3.0 –repository assertions.openssf.org`
        * <code>osf consume –policy must-be-reproducible –subject pkg:npm/left-pad@1.3.0 –repository assertions.openssf.org <span style="text-decoration:underline;">PASS</span></code>
    * [MVSR](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vk9ibQ-TvCaG2lpyABZGbR-MeSL9eWs5RmpOdQcWL7g/edit?usp=sharing)
    * Conversation @ Alpha-Omega issue #28, [ossf/alpha-omega#28](https://github.com/ossf/alpha-omega/issues/28)
    * Code @ [https://github.com/ossf/alpha-omega/tree/scovetta/attest-2](https://github.com/ossf/alpha-omega/tree/scovetta/attest-2)
* OpenSSF Annual Report - WG leads, please contact Jennifer Bly, want to wrap up in a week. jbly @ linuxfoundation dot org.


## <strong>2022-11-01 Meeting \
</strong>Attendance (please add yourself):



* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft, Alpha-Omega)
* CRob (Intel, TAC)
* Bob Callaway (Google, TAC Chair)
* Sam Ramji (LF/OpenSSF)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, TAC)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, TAC) (have to leave halfway)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, TAC vice chair)
* Brian Behlendorf (OpenSSF, LF)
* Aaron Wislang (Microsoft)
* Ashley Pierce (Shopify)
* Brian Fox (Sonatype, GB)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Rosaria Carr (Indeed)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, TAC)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, TAC)
* Dan Appelquist (Snyk)
* David Edelsohn (IBM, GTI)
* Amir Montazery (OSTIF)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Jennifer Bly (OpenSSF)
* Jeff Mendoza (Google)
* Betty Li (Shopify)
* Jenny Shen (Shopify)
* Andres Vega (ControlPlane, CNCF TAG-Security)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Munawar Hafiz (OpenRefactory)
* Arnaud Le Hors (IBM)

Regrets:



* 

Agenda:



* (_10 min max_): Update from **Securing Critical Projects WG [[slide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11NWS703qmmMo-UhgtA0emvqu8F-VqP1QVa9yXdVTbxo/edit?usp=sharing)] **(Jeff Mendoza)
    * Progress on creating a process to identify and capture set of Critical Projects
    * Automation built in to process: Currently working on the automation piece
    * OSTIF reviewed current list, identified ~50 audit candidates from “about-100” list
    * Criticality score algo changes: [https://github.com/ossf/criticality_score/blob/main/docs/design/milestone_1.md](https://github.com/ossf/criticality_score/blob/main/docs/design/milestone_1.md) 
    * Jacques leading the renewed outreach work to engage with other foundations & communities.
* (_20 min max_): Update from **AO** [[slide deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1S0AofJHd7oLPNzfe55p23uzOHL0eiF9EKhU-PJlJRnM/edit?usp=sharing)] (Michael Scovetta)
    * Exciting updates to come with annual report
    * Process improvements 
    * Want to make security a part of the “cultural norm” in the receiving organizations - our goal is to help make that change
    * How long will engagements take? We don’t know yet, probably >1 year but not 5. We’re open-minded, the emphasis is to create [the lasting change]. Let’s experiment & see what works.
* (20 min max): [Proposal for Shared Repository Helpdesk](https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-tac/topic/94560709) (Ashley Ellis Pierce)
    * [Proposal for Shared Repository Helpdesk](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Od9kqd4JIAW1h0vvvkD8NFclxsR8yudOdsZEMT7lBUc/edit?usp=sharing)
* (10 min max): Technical Vision & Prep for Nov 11th Meeting (Sam Ramji)
    * [TAC Prep for Strategy Day 11/11/22](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Y7MymeTKhZQimgbkAOw_aFf6VeGv6pvzT0ddVCOB1to/edit?usp=sharing)
    * Call for Pre-Reads - please email [sramji@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:sramji@linuxfoundation.org) or [bcallaway@google.com](mailto:bcallaway@google.com) 
* Next Town Hall (Jennifer Bly)


